Updates and fixes to README.md (#11)
NanoComp/imageruler: README.md

To estimate the minimum length scale of the void regions, the binary image is inverted after the binarization of Step 1: $\rho \rightarrow \neg \rho$ such that the solid and void regions are interchanged. The remaining Steps 2-4 are unchanged. This approach is equivalent to computing $\mathcal{C}_d(\rho) \oplus \rho$ in Step 2 and then checking its overlap with the interior pixels of the void regions of $\rho$ in Step 3. $\mathcal{C}_d(\rho)$ denotes morphological closing.

The minimum length scale of $\rho$ is the smaller of the minimum length scales of the solid and void regions which must be determined separately. A more efficient approach is to compute $\mathcal{O}_d(\rho) \oplus \mathcal{C}_d(\rho)$ in Step 2 and then to check its overlap with the union of the interior pixels of the solid and void regions of $\rho$ in Step 3. This approach involves a single binary search rather than two.

For a 1d binary image, the algorithm simply finds the minimum length among all solid or void segments.

## Note on Accuracy

> The accuracy of the minimum length scale computed by Imageruler is limited by the finite resolution of the input image. A fundamental feature is that length scales smaller than a single pixel cannot be measured. Also, in certain situations, length scales of a few pixels may be indistinguishable from discretization artifacts such as the "staircasing" of curved surfaces. As an example, a sharp 90° corner corresponds to a length scale (radius of curvature) of *zero* at infinite resolution. However, at a finite resolution, a sharp corner will tend to be rounded with a radius of curvature of a few pixels. Imageruler will therefore return a length scale proportional to the pixel size. In general, the measured length scale should be viewed as having an "error bar" on the few-pixel level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The accuracy of the minimum length scale computed by Imageruler is limited by the finite resolution of the input image. A fundamental feature is that length scales smaller than a single pixel cannot be measured. Also, in certain situations, length scales of a few pixels may be indistinguishable from discretization artifacts such as the "staircasing" of curved surfaces. As an example, a sharp 90° corner corresponds to a length scale (radius of curvature) of *zero* at infinite resolution. However, at a finite resolution, a sharp corner is indistinguishable from one that is rounded with a radius of curvature of a few pixels. Imageruler will therefore return a length scale proportional to the pixel size rather than zero. In general, the measured length scale should be viewed as having an "error bar" on the few-pixel level.
```
